Update - Protect endpoint to bn_boost, bump versions of core, react and vue (#1890)
blocknative/web3-onboard: docs/src/routes/docs/[...3]modules/[...1]core/+page.md

  publicRpcUrl?: string // an optional public RPC used when adding a new chain config to the wallet
  blockExplorerUrl?: string // also used when adding a new config to the wallet
  secondaryTokens?: SecondaryTokens[] // An optional array of tokens (max of 5) to be available to the dapp in the app state object per wallet within the wallet account and displayed in Account Center (if enabled)

>   protectedRpcUrl?: string //An optional protected RPC URL - Defaults to Blocknative's private and protected RPC to allow users to update the chain RPC within their wallet, specifically for private RPCs that protect user transactions

Author: ```suggestion
  protectedRpcUrl?: string //An optional protected RPC URL - Defaults to Blocknative's private RPC aggregator to allow users to update the chain RPC within their wallet, specifically for private RPCs that protect user transactions. More information can be founr at `https://docs.blocknative.com/blocknative-mev-protection/blocknative-protect-rpc-endpoint`
```

>   protectedRpcUrl?: string //An optional protected RPC URL - Defaults to Blocknative's private RPC aggregator to allow users to update the chain RPC within their wallet, specifically for private RPCs that protect user transactions. More information can be founr at `https://docs.blocknative.com/blocknative-mev-protection/transaction-boost-alpha`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  protectedRpcUrl?: string //An optional protected RPC URL - Defaults to Blocknative's private RPC aggregator to allow users to update the chain RPC within their wallet, specifically for private RPCs that protect user transactions. More information can be found at `https://docs.blocknative.com/blocknative-mev-protection/transaction-boost-alpha`
```

Author: ahhh good catch!
